John Silver Fox you with another edition
of our video blog and today I am very
very happy to have James ambler from
past the question which is a terrific
new exciting idea but I'm gonna let him
tell us about it so what is that the
question / question is a unique new
service that we're offering guys who are
looking to get engaged what we do is we
specialize in paparazzi proposals being
a form of paparazzi myself but the years
chasing celebrities I decided to turn
these skills from stalking celebrities
to helping guys capture their engagement
so we work with a guy the exact moment
he drops down on one knee with they're
photographing with Maxim long lenses so
that he can then surprise his fiancee
the next day or an hour later with the
exact moment you drop's to one knee
that's terrific a fantastic idea and so
do you help guys along the way like you
know not every guy has an idea for his
proposal do you have some ideas for them
as well that you give to them or yeah
exactly what we found is that because
we've done so many of these engagements
we have we have so much experience in
doing things from the romantic you know
stroll on a beach to massive flash mobs
to graffiti murals we have done it all
so guys often come to us with a little
bit of a you know kind of inquisitive
nature as to how can they make their
proposal better so we like to get to
know them get to know what she may like
if they're very family-orientated you
know we can suggest surprise you know
the family being there and all of that
kind of thing so we offer this whole
service to the guys the location we'll
do a walk-through work out where they're
going to be where we can be hiding and
then yeah they get there get all the
pictures and video the end of it and
they look like superstars so one of the
reasons that we're here with James is
because we are going to be one of the
affiliate companies that once you've had
this amazing moment captured in all its
glory that you will be able to then
speak to James and his people about who
you might want to use for the wedding
and we are one of the companies that's
going to work with you guys are very
happy about that so you'll be a resource
as as well
for people you know with with the
planning of the wedding as well correct
exactly so I mean we know we offer lots
we offer all of the services so if
you're going you know what he's done the
engagement pictures we do all of the
surprise hidden element we can also
offer a big engagement session
afterwards so we do all the pictures and
then hopefully they come to you guys for
you know beautiful and amazing wedding
pictures and photography and video and
so yeah and we were you know we can work
them with caterers and all the respite
and event planner so that we can take
you from there from the moment you buy
the ring all the way through to the end
result and on our website we have advice
on you know buying engagement rings and
where to go for honeymoons and what's
hot on honeymoons and all the rest of it
so it's a one-stop shop for guys to come
and get all of their inflation that's
terrific so so you've taken the guy up
to that point now let me ask you this
because some guys have a hard time just
with finding the ring themselves so do
you guys have jewelers that you work
with are there any jewelers out there
like saying the tri-state area that you
guys work with that you could refer
groom to by all means we were affiliated
with the London jewelers in Long Island
a fantastic jewelry store they offer
great advice and on our website we have
advice on you know guys on how to buy an
engagement ring with little tips like
you know how do you get a ring size
because if you get a buyer ring as a
surprise you want to make sure it fits
on our finger so they offer all this
advice and you can go on our website and
all their contact information is there
and that's the idea of this is the site
is that we have lots of information on
there for guys so all those questions
you don't know who to ask come to us and
we can help you out with little a
resource for guys which as a guy I could
have used 20 years ago because there was
nothing out there other than the yellow
pages so it's certainly and you know
what there's a lot of noise out there
and all the websites so I think from a
guy's perspective they're not going to
go to some of the typical sites that are
bribed with so to have a resource for
them early in the process I think his
invaluable but anyway so visit pop the
question calm that's PAP the question
calm you can go to link on our website
as well and guys you hire them and you
are going to be the superstar of your
group you'll be the first one to have
your proposal captured in a professional
manner by professional paparazzi
photographers and then hopefully down
the line you'll be visiting us for the
big day
James thanks again for coming out to see
us we're very happy to be part of the
type of question family bye thanks for
tuning it and hopefully we'll see you
again and the bed real soon
you